# Think Big Challenge 2014Intro here* * *## Contest Official Rules**NO PURCHASE NECESSARY****HOW TO ENTER:** This contest starts on 10/16/2014 at 10:30am EDT andends on 10/19/2014 at midnight EDT.**1. PARTICIPATION.** Participation in this contest constitutes yourfull and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these OfficialRules and the decisions of Sponsor, which are final in all respects. Toenter, you must complete the challenge. No mechanically reproducedentries accepted. Sponsor and its agents are not responsible forincomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected entries, whichwill be deemed ineligible. Entries become Sponsor’s property and willnot be returned.**2. ELIGIBILITY:** This contest is open only to any legal workingresidents of the United States, 18 years of age or older at time ofentry. Void in Puerto Rico and the Province of Quebec, and whereprohibited by law. Employees (including immediate family members and/orthose living in the same household of each) of Sponsor, its advertising,promotion and production agencies, the affiliated companies of each, andthe immediate family members of each are not eligible.**3. AWARDING of PRIZES:** On or about October 20, from among alleligible entries – a panel of sponsor judges will determine the winnersbased on completeness of entry.**4. PRIZES:** Based on the judge’s decision, the following prize(s)will be awarded:* One Apple Store gift card (Approximate Retail Value: $200.00) * 2nd & 3rd place prizes of lesser value will also be awardedALL TAXES ON THE PRIZES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE WINNERS ORWINNERS’ DESIGNATED RECIPIENT. Sponsor will notify winners by telephone,mail or e-mail, at Sponsor’s discretion. No substitutions or cashawards, except that Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize ofequal or greater value in the event of unavailability.**5. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION:** In the event of noncompliance withthese requirements, the selected entrant may be disqualified and analternate winner selected, at Sponsor’s discretion. Sponsor reserves theright to suspend, cancel or modify this promotion if fraud or any othercauses beyond its control destroys the integrity of the promotion, asdetermined by Sponsor’s sole discretion. If the promotion is cancelled,unawarded prizes may be returned to Sponsor or may be awarded by randomdrawing from eligible entries, to the extent a fair random drawing canbe conducted, at Sponsor’s discretion.**6. GENERAL:** All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.By accepting prize, winners consent to Sponsor’s use of their names andlikenesses without additional compensation, unless prohibited by law. Byentering the contest, you release and hold harmless Sponsor, its parent,subsidiaries, affiliates, employees and agents from any and allliability or any injuries, loss or damage arising from or in connectionwith participation in this promotion or acceptance/use of the prize.**7. SPONSOR:** The sponsor of this promotion is Teradata Corporation,10000 Innovation Drive, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342.