![Think Big](http://thinkbig.teradata.com/wp-content/themes/thinkbig/images/header/Logo128.png "Think Big logo")
![Ancestry.com](http://c.mfcreative.com/mars/landing/lohp/2014/smp/us-lohp-simplehdr-logo.png "Ancestry.com logo")

# Think Big Challenge 2014

Think Big and Ancestry.com have partnered to present this challenge for Strata NY 2014.

*contest one-liner here*

*need Ancestry.com intro text here*

*think big intro here*



## Introduction

The data for this challenge is drawn from genealogy data entered by Ancestry.com members, which also incorporates publicly available data such as census records. Each Ancestry.com member creates and maintains an individual tree which may include any number of persons. Since members may share common ancestors, there will inevitably be some overlap between other users' trees. Identifying, matching, and de-duplicating these overlaps, at scale, is at the heart of this challenge.


## The challenge

Implementing (or even designing) a complete solution to match and de-duplicate this data is well beyond the scope of any single contest lasting for just a few days (or weeks!). However, as with any "big" problem, there are a number of interesting steps along the way and the judges are as interested in your approach, reasoning, and presentation as in any particular result. (This contest is **not** a leaderboard-driven machine learning contest.)

Multiple prizes will be awarded, and we welcome submissions regardless of focus: Engineering, Data Science, System Architecture, etc. are all important and interesting to us. For architects, for example, we are especially interested in which tools and components you select (and why), how you combine them. We have no expectations or requirements to use specific platforms, languages, packages, etc.

Here are some suggestions to help you get started:

* **Ingestion Processing.** Each file contains a single, valid JSON object, including line delimiters. Some systems are not optimized to use small files, and in any case, you may wish to perform a number of transformations and checks of the raw data. Ingestion processing


* **Detect exact matches.** There are some true duplicates in the data set. Try detecting them as first step.

* **what else? **


## The data

The data set and related documentation can be found in the `data` directory in the [github repo](https://github.com/ThinkBigAnalytics/ThinkBigChallenge2014/tree/master/data/]).


## Evaluation criteria

Entries will be judged by a panel of experts.

* Approach.
* Tool selection.
* Reasoning.
* Presentation.

* * *

## Contest Official Rules

**NO PURCHASE NECESSARY**

**HOW TO ENTER:** This contest starts on 10/16/2014 at 10:30am EDT and
ends on 10/19/2014 at midnight EDT.

**1. PARTICIPATION.** Participation in this contest constitutes your
full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these Official
Rules and the decisions of Sponsor, which are final in all respects. To
enter, you must complete the challenge. No mechanically reproduced
entries accepted. Sponsor and its agents are not responsible for
incomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected entries, which
will be deemed ineligible. Entries become Sponsor's property and will
not be returned.

**2. ELIGIBILITY:** This contest is open only to any legal working
residents of the United States, 18 years of age or older at time of
entry. Void in Puerto Rico and the Province of Quebec, and where
prohibited by law. Employees (including immediate family members and/or
those living in the same household of each) of Sponsor, its advertising,
promotion and production agencies, the affiliated companies of each, and
the immediate family members of each are not eligible.

**3. AWARDING of PRIZES:** On or about October 20, from among all
eligible entries Ð a panel of sponsor judges will determine the winners
based on completeness of entry.

**4. PRIZES:** Based on the judge's decision, the following prize(s)
will be awarded:

* One Apple Store gift card (Approximate Retail Value: $200.00) 
* 2nd & 3rd place prizes of lesser value will also be awarded

ALL TAXES ON THE PRIZES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE WINNERS OR
WINNERS' DESIGNATED RECIPIENT. Sponsor will notify winners by telephone,
mail or e-mail, at Sponsor's discretion. No substitutions or cash
awards, except that Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of
equal or greater value in the event of unavailability.

**5. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION:** In the event of noncompliance with
these requirements, the selected entrant may be disqualified and an
alternate winner selected, at Sponsor's discretion. Sponsor reserves the
right to suspend, cancel or modify this promotion if fraud or any other
causes beyond its control destroys the integrity of the promotion, as
determined by Sponsor's sole discretion. If the promotion is cancelled,
unawarded prizes may be returned to Sponsor or may be awarded by random
drawing from eligible entries, to the extent a fair random drawing can
be conducted, at Sponsor's discretion.

**6. GENERAL:** All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.
By accepting prize, winners consent to Sponsor's use of their names and
likenesses without additional compensation, unless prohibited by law. By
entering the contest, you release and hold harmless Sponsor, its parent,
subsidiaries, affiliates, employees and agents from any and all
liability or any injuries, loss or damage arising from or in connection
with participation in this promotion or acceptance/use of the prize.

**7. SPONSOR:** The sponsor of this promotion is Teradata Corporation,
10000 Innovation Drive, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342.

